here's my x2 pocket bike um I don't know
why I won't start making this video see
if you could please help it's next to
model has a new gas in it Barney spark
plug the battery pull starter doesn't
work so took it off right here it
doesn't pull back I'll just an hour but
um ski I use push start or else toddler
when you give the break didn't do much
and carburetors I don't know if it's
something with that but I cleaned it a
couple days ago looked like everything
what went through it good and I think we
fit the tuning issue and you bought a
new spark plug for it to hold on over
here
here's the old one cooking it out before
photo I tried stuffing it without the
post art I mean without the spark plug
it like does this sound that I will turn
on so right it looks moist than man like
i try to push that it goes like if i
keep the old it'll do that it feels like
it has good compression because when I
hold it actually wants to push my hand
away I don't know if it's
if it's good compression or not yeah if
you could please tell me what's wrong
with it gasps pretty much put it in
maybe a month ago three weeks maybe I
don't know yeah charger just I don't
what to do because it won't turn on just
give up quick and walk around dirty
chain looks tight
so if you could please help or tell me
which one of these spark plugs is better
I don't know why but this is the
original when it came with then this one
I got at home depot I have the same
numbering in it that was on the box of
this got this one cuz so this one yeah I
just took out but it looks like it does
have some oil on it
put it in it oh well please help thanks
for watching